it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceFeedback.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceFeedback
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/App.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.App
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceUtente.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceUtente
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Prodotto.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Prodotto
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceOmbrellone.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceOmbrellone
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Privileges.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Privileges
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/connettori/ConnettoreMessaggi.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.connettori.ConnettoreMessaggi
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Cameriere.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Cameriere
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceGestore.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceGestore
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Ordine.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Ordine
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceCliente.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceCliente
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceAddettoSpiaggia.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceAddettoSpiaggia
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Zona.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Zona
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Evento.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Evento
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Spiaggia.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Spiaggia
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Tavolo.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Tavolo
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Messaggio.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Messaggio
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/connettori/ConnectDatabase.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.connettori.ConnectDatabase
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceDipendente.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceDipendente
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceCameriere.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceCameriere
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceSpiaggia.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceSpiaggia
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/connettori/ConnettoreProdotto.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.connettori.ConnettoreProdotto
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/OrganizzatoreEventi.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.OrganizzatoreEventi
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceProdotto.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceProdotto
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/connettori/ConnettoreEvento.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.connettori.ConnettoreEvento
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/connettori/ConnettoreOrdine.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.connettori.ConnettoreOrdine
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceOrganizzatoreEventi.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceOrganizzatoreEventi
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Ombrellone.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Ombrellone
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Dipendente.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Dipendente
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceDJ.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceDJ
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceZona.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceZona
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/InterfaceEvento.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.InterfaceEvento
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Utente.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Utente
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Cliente.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Cliente
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/connettori/ConnettoreCliente.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.connettori.ConnettoreCliente
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/connettori/ConnettoreOmbrellone.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.connettori.ConnettoreOmbrellone
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/AddettoSpiaggia.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.AddettoSpiaggia
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/connettori/ConnettoreUtente.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.connettori.ConnettoreUtente
it/unicam/cs/mgm/casotto/Gestore.java
 it.unicam.cs.mgm.casotto.Gestore
